#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/dev.in
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
altair==4.2.0
    # via great-expectations
anyio==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports.zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
black==22.12.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
bleach==5.0.0
    # via nbconvert
boltons==21.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   black
    #   great-expectations
    #   nltk
    #   wandb
colorama==0.4.6
    # via great-expectations
coverage[toml]==6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==37.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   great-expectations
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   nbconvert
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   wandb
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
fastjsonschema==2.15.3
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.33.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2022.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   pytorch-lightning
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.29
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   wandb
google-auth==2.6.5
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
great-expectations==0.15.28
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via tensorboard
identify==2.5.1
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   great-expectations
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==5.9.0
    # via jsonschema
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==4.10.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==7.32.0
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   great-expectations
itermplot==0.331
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   nltk
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via great-expectations
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.21.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
language-tool-python==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
makefun==1.15.0
    # via great-expectations
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.18.0
    # via great-expectations
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   itermplot
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   nbconvert
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.4.5
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.3.0
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
nltk==3.7
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   great-expectations
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   itermplot
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-server
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.3
    # via black
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   wandb
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   wandb
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
psutil==5.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   wandb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   cffi
pydeprecate==0.3.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   great-expectations
    #   matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   wandb
pytorch-lightning==1.6.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   great-expectations
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   wandb
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
regex==2022.9.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   nltk
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   fsspec
    #   great-expectations
    #   language-tool-python
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
ruamel.yaml==0.17.17
    # via great-expectations
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel.yaml
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   great-expectations
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sentry-sdk==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   wandb
setproctitle==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   wandb
shortuuid==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   absl-py
    #   bleach
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   itermplot
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   virtualenv
    #   wandb
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
termcolor==2.0.1
    # via great-expectations
terminado==0.13.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
testpath==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pre-commit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
torch==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==0.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   great-expectations
    #   language-tool-python
    #   nltk
    #   pytorch-lightning
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   black
    #   great-expectations
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
tzdata==2022.5
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via great-expectations
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   great-expectations
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.14.1
    # via pre-commit
wandb==0.12.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==3.6.1
    # via ipywidgets
wincertstore==0.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
yarl==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
