#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/prod.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via openai
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   visions
boto3==1.26.118
    # via smart-open
botocore==1.29.118
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.2
    # via flask
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dash==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
decorator==5.1.1
    # via validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via odfpy
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flask==2.2.2
    # via dash
fonttools==4.33.3
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.10.0
    # via huggingface-hub
h5py==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via ydata-profiling
huggingface-hub==0.17.3
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   flask
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   ydata-profiling
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   ydata-profiling
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multimethod==1.9
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
networkx==2.6.3
    # via visions
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   h5py
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   transformers
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
openai==0.27.4
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   statsmodels
    #   transformers
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
phik==0.12.3
    # via ydata-profiling
pillow==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
plotly==5.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   dash
pydantic==1.9.1
    # via ydata-profiling
pyngrok==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
pyparsing==2.4.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.3.0
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyngrok
    #   transformers
    #   ydata-profiling
regex==2023.10.3
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   ydata-profiling
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.4.0
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   ydata-profiling
seaborn==0.12.1
    # via ydata-profiling
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open[s3]==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
statsmodels==0.13.5
    # via ydata-profiling
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via visions
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   plotly
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
tokenizers==0.14.1
    # via transformers
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
    #   ydata-profiling
transformers==4.35.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via ydata-profiling
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
validators==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.5
    # via ydata-profiling
waitress==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via flask
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
ydata-profiling==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-metadata
